[Music]
Hey Marina, have you been watching
the aldon thing today a little bit? They
pulled her ear. Look, I
want to talk to you about that topic because people here are
still going to freak out, I mean, they're going to freak out
because I already think that it's already
media-wise, of course,
Dead soon because there's no one left to
pull from. I mean, I think that let's see. It
's not that there's no one left to pull from, think
better about where to pull from, I mean, what
resources does Ana María see for aldon? No, no, yes,
I'm going to tell you what's going to happen
here and what the character
sees. Look, the only thing that also wove together
a little bit of her continuity. Beyond the
divorce issue and all this, I'm here. It's not
that her daughter was a survivor and
she was there and the daughter would tell
things
from the past and she would talk on set and it would
fall apart. And such. But well, since the
daughter is not sure either because of the issue
we talked about with food, etc. Well, I don't
know, but well. You speak and you speak and
then I'll tell you something else. Man, there is
one, there is another possible path
that I believe.  in the end
when there is no other choice he will be the one who has to
take it and until it is to put
green art the desire
Well then the
consequences will have to be faced of course depending on what he says Of
course because there is surely a
clause that prevents him from
seeing it look what I can tell you
100% is that people here are often
wondering why we see
Ana María el don on television every weekend
Yes people in general don't like it it's
like it's always the same thing always tells the
same thing she plays the ambiguity or cries
suddenly it's fine you don't know where to
start So now I'm here to
tell you the reason why Ana María
el don is always there every weekend
between 5 and people are not going to be surprised
but people don't know it and me because I've
been there yes I know you want to know you want to know
waiting like stone yes yes yes yes
man I know because I've
lived it with her we
tell it or we don't tell it Yes man
of course let's see
Ana María aldon continues to have it I think
less and less but she was like the
pretty girl of the Sundays in Viva la Vida let
me explain yes I'm going to explain what it
means  that's it, let's see, that's
not a secret to anyone, it's something that
worked and worked, let's
say that on Sundays she
always went sometimes on Saturdays, but
normally on Sundays it
depends on the news, let's say that at
the moment that Ana María the don
sat down on the set the
audience curve went
yes yes yes yes yes, it's not understood either But it
was always like that always when she wasn't there it did
n't go down in any way but it did go down So it was
always intended to also be a
little bit careful with Ana María, not to
go too far either in case she doesn't come back,
basically Okay, so it
was a little bit, well many times, long live
life. Sundays it was a 14 sometimes it would
reach the 15th. Now no way, well, I do
n't know, they're at a 10, a 10 and a bit, a
holiday, okay. Yeah, well, so that in the end, a
different producer, but it's increasingly
similar, in fact, today it's been the
total life, he lives the total life, total,
so it
must continue, it must continue being that same
mechanism because if not, it doesn't make sense,
not this movement. So yes, it's
true that she, I'm telling you, every time she
sits down
Those are the audiences. Well, imagine
without her, down then  Yes, what
I see, I've always said that
off camera, the seven or eight
times I meet her, it's amazing,
with her in hairdressing, she's so super good,
but it's true that what they've
told me, I'm already talking to you about the last
season at the party in these months, is
that we can see the confrontation on the sets, we
can see the greatest, we can see
Ana María and we can see such that we don't
believe absolutely anything, that
advertising comes, she is so normal
and she sees it as work and she knows that she has to
contribute x content, that she is already a
girl who is cold, she has that
actress vein and she has such and that she
develops it on set but then in
advertising and in the breaks and in the
meetings, Loli, a kiss, we ended up
that she is as if nothing is worth it, I
mean, she is as if nothing, then then
credibility is taken away from her because what I
like is to see a character that
transmits truth to us, for better or for
worse, that generates hatred, affection,
love, but not a person that we don't
believe in the moment, Isabel Luna and
such a moment and crying today,
victimizing herself is what galiacho tells her
and I left you don't do anything for free
and such, well, well, they are not very
forced characters and that each time their journey
unless as you say Javi
tells the greatest thing about Ortega Cano the
greatest thing that Ortega no longer
talk about me about the family how about And
she saying But if I have not told
anything nothing intimate nothing such man Ana
María what is left for her is to tell about her years
of solitude while single here she
was not in prison with her son Ana María
aldon is left to tell episodes that you
know according to her that
Terelu de Ortega Cano already told known Jury or
even with herself and if she
told it but come on she would have to
face the consequences it goes by
chapters what these chapters happen are
taking me forever and they
bore me and they are soporific I mean for me
Ana María the don is a zero on television
right now I mean it's a change of channel I
don't know what people think but it's
like let's see I think they are going to
look for it once you stretch it out it
's already much more you can't throw it away well that's it  we've
been saying for six months, be
careful, eh, but once you stretch, pull,
for me the only possible way is to put
Ortega Cano green, what you put
against, that in the end I think that is what
the network is looking for one that declares
against Ortega Cano, which is what happens,
well, Jesús Manuel, I don't know if you saw, he
was here two weeks ago
talking about the divorce that there
was already a divorce that
Ana María and Jesús Manuel confirmed today. I said José
Manuel, no, Jesús Manuel told us a
few details of that agreement, no,
Jesús Manuel did not tell us this on
January 8, 2023 that they were already
divorced, that they had reached an
agreement in which there was
shared custody, about 10 days with one and another
10 days with the other or so,
you know that normally when there is
shared custody, it is assumed that neither
parent gives support to the other
because as there is, yes. Sorry,
Jesús Manuel told it on January 8,
but the medal was put on him by Paloma
García, Pelayorana, Rosa,
Ana María,
1,200 euros. Let's see, it seems abusive to me,
he is a child  let's
see abusive because he wants it no let's see
abusive it would be if he were forced but that
he wants it is generous not abusive abusive no no
the amount seems abusive to me not abusive
what he does, I mean I want to
tell you I have the feeling that with that he also
intends a little indirectly to
protect her even and everything too, I mean
because with him I don't know if
indirectly or directly because I don't
remember if Jesús Manuel said it or
not Or it was somewhere else but I think that
somewhere it has been said that within that
agreement is that listen to me that you cannot
speak badly of the family
you don't know how much it harms María
because it is her only chance to continue on
television because Ana María has unless I
repeat that the daughter enters
survivors and that she reacts is that I
mean it is what I am telling you that
valuing yourself that you are more interested in
1200 euros a month to all the expenses of the
child and the peace or to
break everything and that and whatever they pay you I
believe is what you say has been very
generous and not only but at all
levels  Ortega doesn't adore that good boy
Ana Maria knows it perfectly well no but she
has given him well man of course Yes but
particularly she has always gone with him to
soccer to the other such is like passion not
such And in the end it is a shame because it
seems that it is not such she goes to Guadalajara
that yes that it is not very far
one house from the other and that nowadays
but it does not give me as shame that I know
in the end it is the boy Ortega already has a certain
age her well what do I know Well now
now the next thing here is that well
of course she already has the right to rebuild
her life and she will do it I am sure that she will
do it will be the next thing that to me that we see
of her Hey that it is her right eh to
meet another person And such But as
soon as from now until summer man a
magazine cover no no I am not going to Ana
Maria the don
Hey well Why not that happiness is not
associated with a man but that
probably realize that let's see if it
is well paid
or so that agreement is like an armor
that can be broken
unless also she knows how to play with
words and play with things so that
the total agreement is not broken  you
can be intelligent in that sense
1200 euros for a male service person
of course Ana María of course Ana María
now alone Please you will
need Let's go with all the work that
a thing has in honor of the truth to be
fair a kiss Javi the truth normally
when there are divorces with children
involved you say abusive 1200 is that let's see I'll
tell you one thing
the pensions And that has to go in
function of the child or the children
continuing to maintain the same standard of living
as when the parents were together, yes
but in the end it cannot be that
the father maybe is Ortega and
the child has lived with a king and now they
separate he goes with the mother and the child more
humbly no that cannot be But
why Because it affects a little it can
affect not have consequences on the
child No but I imagine that it will have to
I imagine that you have a reason and his
study and that they will go there for what you
say surely Of course let's see if if
the father has a level imagine no
[ __ ] is the perfect example Ortega Cano
then that then he is not going to carry  a
more humble boy's life, no,
if he's used to a certain level, to some,
well, let's
see, I don't know, call me, it's strange to me, if it
's not my case, but I've known many
people who have had a certain standard of living
at certain times and then the
situation requires adapting to
different circumstances and you adapt.
No, man. As long as it's not homelessness
and sleeping in a ditch, I understand. I don't know, maybe
I'm the strange one, but well, be careful
because although there is
shared custody, there is child support,
if there is a significant difference in
income between the two parents,
for example in the case of Antonio David.
In the case of Antonio Bici, do you remember
that it was one of the measures that he wanted to
change and he couldn't get it changed in any way. It
was agreed that he had to
pay her 500 euros even though it
was shared custody, which was an
agreement, also the same as this one, an
agreement that they agreed to because they wanted to and he
signed it inside and then that measure
couldn't be changed with any lawsuit. Well, I
thought that they could be changed,
look, it
depends, there are times when it can and times
when it can't, he has to decide,
in the end, from the outside it looks like what a shame.
No, how long  no no lost you have not
lost the word it would be missing more But
how much time spent in courts not in
legal battles with these issues But
well you are the law of life will it be that I of
course as I have never faced any of
this you are more expert but I
sincerely in the two cases that in the
two cases that I have trials and that
seems absurd to me because
everything is solved everything could be solved
without friendly issues of let's be friends
or anything like that but to solve it like
Hey look each one lives their life you
understand well in one of the two in one
of the two in this one that well I'm not going to
talk about that subject
eh Well yes it has its point it has its
point what
I do want to say is that in the
end what I like the most about
this whole story is Vera Ortega Cano the
other day look when the
images of him singing in a church came out the
day before They came out a
friend showed them to me no before I say I say
tomorrow I'll echo when you
release it and I was freaking out I say no Yes
look we have been in the church Such
him giving it his all in the church with his
friend with such with  Look I'm glad there are
people how ridiculous it is they tell him what is
this I say Look at least he's happy and
calm and after these two
years that we haven't gone you just have to
see him that an image is worth his
reaction his face is very tired
the family in general deserves to be
calm and happy and Hey resolving in a
better or worse way these
television obstacles of being criticized that
the other like Kiko Hernandez says
barbarities about you And such But
trying to channel it like you are
doing it you know and that they are calm and that they
are well Well look that is
priceless in that sense I can't be
happier and I hope for a long time and
look what if Ortega who makes us fall in love that
people laugh Well let him fall in love that
is his right and they do it to María
well Of course too and if not well too so
nothing at least
To leave him with the word in his mouth
says
Manuel said he is daily 1200 euros for
a service person Like Marina and the
electric car that the cano bought her Yeah
well let's see they are distributions that  more or
less they seem fair and that both
agree but well in the end on
his part what is seen is an
intention at least to do things in the
most cordial way possible or to
end well and on hers we will see
and I think that here the difference is Marina
obviously makes the fact that he does
not need certain controversies or
certain things to live and she Maybe she does
that is the difference
[Music]